How will you test the changes?
A sandbox environment will be used to test changes to the cluster. This will protect production systems from being
interrupted or corrupted. This is good practice that we can implement as part of our deployment strategy and Software
Development Lifecycle.
We would use different environments to develop our application such as development (sandbox), staging and production
environment. So We know first we need to apply changes in development environment and test that the functionality is
working perfectly. Then we need to deploy to staging environment and simulate the actual user behaviour and traffic. If
this stage is also passed, then we will deploy this to the production environment. If our monitoring system shows any
unusual activity then we will rollback to our previous version.

How will you ensure the changes don't negatively affect your cluster?
Using our sandbox environment we will tests changes so we can monitor and observe the impact of those changes. Once
changes are deployed to the sandbox environment, we can monitor metrics using Prometheus and Grafana. Also, we can
collect logs and traces to determine the root cause of problems and troubleshoot more efficiently. Historical
observability in the form of a changelog will be used to construct a continuous changelog that allows us not only to
understand historical events, but also to trace how historical changes impact the current state of our cluster. Our
overall focus will be on the state of our cluster as a whole, and not in individual components in isolation to gain a
full overview of our cluster.
Before we deploy our application we need to monitor our staging environment through Prometheus and Grafana. If
everything works fine, we will apply a deployment strategy like blue-green and transfer some traffic to our new
production environment and always monitor our application. If the monitoring system shows any unusual activities, we can
rollback or if all is working fine we will increase traffic in our new production environment and observe further on for
stability.